>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so
it's time to go through this solution.
What we're looking for
is we need to find the function that this
console long statement is inside of,
and if it has a name,
and if there is a function,
and that function has a name,
then we're gonna prefix our log with that.
So, I'm gonna start out with our prefix.
This is what we're gonna call
the string literal that we
attach to the arguments list.
And we're gonna find the parentFunction
with path.findParent.
t.isFunctionDeclaration,
isFunctionDeclaration, think that's right.
And actually, I'm gonna move over here, so
we can have this here to the log stuff.
Actually, yeah, because console
logging nodes when you're in Node,
and it logs out to your terminal.
It's like this giant, really,
really big object that you can't
really make sense of, so it's a lot.
That's one of the reasons why
developing in here's a lot simpler.
But yeah, let's console.log this parent
function, console.log(parentFunction).
And we're getting two, sweet.
We have two in our program so
that's exactly what we're looking for.
And then we have a log of null,
because one of our console logs
isn't inside of our function.
Ans so let's look at these ones that are.
They have a node.
That node has an ID.
That ID has a name.
So, let's say if(parentFunction) exists,
thank you truthiness of JavaScript,
then we'll log that, and
we'll log the node ID.name.
And we'll get add and subtract, perfect.
So we'll make that part of our prefix.
Say prefix +=.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And then we'll.
Let's see.
Yeah, say prefix.
In either case we'll add our.
>> Kent C. Dodds: That line information.
And put that in our prefix and
also, do things in the right order.
And we wanna have a space here, so we'll
stick a space, yeah, as part of this.
And we've got it.
Coolio?
Coolio.
Paste that in.
Hit Save and tests are passing.
Don't forget your elaboration and
feedback.
We remove that and
now all of our tests are passing.
>> Speaker 2: Could you look at the,
I just want to see the spacing thing?
About 30 with what I did.
>> Kent C. Dodds: The spacing.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
just the actual [INAUDIBLE],
when you add the space in front of
the method, or after the method name?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, right there.
>> Speaker 2: So you just, okay.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Actually,
in my solution, when you run the exercise,
what I did instead,
>> Kent C. Dodds: I didn't think about it,
until just now while I was doing it.
Is I put the space right there and
then I did a .trim.
Or actually, I did a .trim here.
So both will work, but what I did just
shows you that was probably better.
>> Kent C. Dodds: JavaScript,
so many ways to do things.
Okay, what were some of
the key takeaways here?
Well before that,
any questions that anybody has?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Has this
been fairly straight forward?
It's pretty much once
you understand ASTs or
the APIs, then it's like I'm
just running JavaScript now.
So great, now any key takeaways?
Let me just get one takeaway
from this exercise.
>> Speaker 3: Function.
>> Speaker 4: These function declaration.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
t., is function declaration fine parent.
This pattern is really common,
because they just compose
together really nicely, yep.